# Welcome to Buildabot!
## What is Buildabot?
Buildabot is a free class hosted by me, Izaan Ibrahim, designed to teach kids the introductory skills and knowledge of how to build and program their own robots. Over the course of 5 days of classes, they will build their own robot and develop programs to make it perform the functions they want, and they'll go home with the very robot they built.
## What are the classes like?
The classes are an an hour and a half long each, starting from 3pm to 4:30pm PST. The students will come to my house where we'll build the [Makeblock mBot Coding Robot Kit](https://www.amazon.com/Makeblock-Mechanical-Entry-Level-Programming-Creativity/dp/B00SK5RUQY/ref=sr_1_2_sspa?dchild=1&keywords=robotics+set&qid=1625732033&sr=8-2-spons&psc=1&spLa=ZW5jcnlwdGVkUXVhbGlmaWVyPUFJRk5ENkg2U1o0QzImZW5jcnlwdGVkSWQ9QTEwMTI3MzkyTFlHVjRPWVpZVVZRJmVuY3J5cHRlZEFkSWQ9QTAyNTg2MjYzSjNTM1NZWjRHOTM2JndpZGdldE5hbWU9c3BfYXRmJmFjdGlvbj1jbGlja1JlZGlyZWN0JmRvTm90TG9nQ2xpY2s9dHJ1ZQ). I chose this robot in particular because it's a good starter robot that has parts that you would also encounter in a harder build. This robot also has multiple extensions that you can purchase later if you *really* want to expand on the robot that allow it to perform more actions. I'll be covering everything from bsaic assembly to cable management, and later will talk about the code and developing programs that the robot can execute. 
## How do I join Buildabot?
You will need to sign up using the [Google Forms sheet](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdZ7UULb7OL1P81rIjk9xW8O48_G20jNy3NCYam8KLrySe55A/viewform?usp=sf_link). Once you've done that, I'll reach out to you over email, and we can talk in more detail about the specifics of the class as well as any questions or concerns that you may have. 
